README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio Application

> This is a Portfolio Application built with HTML and CSS


## Built With

- HTML
- CSS


## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/willy836)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Kimiri836)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wilson-kimiri-420396235/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

modify index, style and readme files

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio Application

> This is a Portfolio Application built with HTML and CSS


## Built With

- HTML
- CSS

## Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites
To use this software you are going to need npm


### Setup
To set up this application:
    -Clone the repo (git clone https://github.com/willy836/Portfolio-App.git)
    

### Install
To install this application, install npm packages:
    -npm install


## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@willy836](https://github.com/willy836)
- Twitter: [@Kimiri836](https://twitter.com/Kimiri836)
- LinkedIn: [Wilson Kimiri](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wilson-kimiri-420396235/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/willy836/Portfolio-App/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
